BIKES
 
INNOVATION
 
CONTACT US
Order now
To better understand the product, you need to see its
Silicone bladder - preform.
This unique item is the basis
of every SYRE frame.
Full control of carbon fiber layers and directions.
The basis of our preform is polyfoam. It makes
it solid, which allows us to lay the prepreg directly
on the preform with full control of the layers, fiber direction and wall thickness of the product.
The curing process.
The size of the preform is clearly calculated and it is exactly such that after laying up the prepreg, it almost 100% repeats the shape of the aluminum mold. This is done so that when the bladder is inflated, during the curing cycle, the preform changes its size minimally and the carbon fibers are not distorted.
Silicone has a smooth and even surface that allows us to get a smooth and even inner surface without folds, thickenings or voids between the layers.
One-piece front triangle.
We get an one-piece front triangle, with the exact wall thickness, carbon fiber directions and strength that we laid down at the design stage.
Gluing the frame, painting and....
Look at this!
Ultimate superfun high-performance gravel bicycle designed and developed in Europe.
YOke
Our bottom bracket unit -YOke allows to combine chainstays length of 420mm (very short!), installing tires up to 2.5 inches and 2x cranset.
«YOke is a technically difficult place, both in development and, to an even greater extent, in production. To make a short chainstay (just 420 mm) with a 2X crankset for 53 teeth, as well as the ability to install wide tire, I had to narrow the chainstay very much (to the state of a monolithic plate), but at the same time keep the internal routing.
This unit is made a single product as part of the front triangle, which also complicates the laying up. To be able to form such a cable channel, I had to learn how to make a separate, additional bladder. ©Anton, Chief Design Engineer
Thanks to this, dozens of builds can be used on just one frame. Tires can be put wide or narrow, and the wheels can be 27.5 /28 or 29 in diameter. You can put a 1x crankset, or you can put a 2x. And with all this, the chainstay remains very short, which has a positive effect on the road. And the internal routing leaves all the cables inside the frame.
Order yours
BIKES
INNOVATION
CONTACT US
Copyright Carbon Cake 2021 All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | Accessibility
TERMS & CONDITIONS
LEGAL ENTITY DATA