BIKES
 
INNOVATION
 
CONTACT US
Order now
Syre Punkcake
1. It is a mixture of the word punk and pancake. Punk - because we are young rebels. Pancake because, well, everyone loves pancakes.

2. Ultimate superfun high-performance gravel bicycle designed and developed in Europe.
WE CREATED THIS BIKE SO THAT YOU GET THE MOST POSITIVE EMOTIONS, STARTING FROM ITS CLEAN LOOK AND ENDING WITH HOW IT RIDES ON THE ROAD AND OFF-ROAD.
Look at this design, at these simple classic shapes and lines. We tried to make sure that there was nothing superfluous. We think it's called clean look, correct if we're wrong?
Chainstay
420 mm
420 mm long chainstay, the 7 mm forward shifted seat tube, and the rather large angles of the seat tube are our favorites. This is what gives our bike lightning-fast acceleration, and will surprise you with its responsiveness and speed!
What should be the geometry of your future bike so that the rider gets high on any surfaces?
To do this, the bicycle must be a complete continuation of the rider. This should be full control over any road situation and any road surface.
Head tube angle, rake, trail
With the help of the combination of these three parameters, we have obtained unique controllability in the form of combining the stability of the front wheel at high speed and the sharp responsiveness of the steering. There is no other way to call it magic.
BB drop
75 mm
In our opinion, this drop gives the bicycle the perfect combination of agility and stability.
Chainstay
420 mm
420 mm long chainstay, the 7 mm forward shifted seat tube, and the rather large angles of the seat tube are our favorites. This is what gives our bike lightning-fast acceleration, and will surprise you with its responsiveness and speed!
What should be the geometry of your future bike so that the rider gets high on any surfaces?
To do this, the bicycle must be a complete continuation of the rider. This should be full control over any road situation and any road surface.
YOke
This is how we called the bottom bracket with the double dropped chainstays. Its unique geometry allowed us to combine what seemed impossible to us until recently. In particular, with a chainstay length of 420mm (very short!) you can in-stall tires up to 2.5 inches and a 2x system.
*There are small limitations.
Learn More
Seatpost clamp
Based on the clean look philosophy, we tried to create one of the most minimalistic seatpost clamps.
Internal routing
All the cables come in here and disappear...forever! There are cable channels In-side the frame that allow you to lay cables without additional noise-damping mats.
Hanger
Simple and smart solution execution of the hanger - reverse thread does not al-low the hanger to unwind, fall out, and get lost.
And all this is done manually in our production in Europe.
Seatpost clamp
Based on the clean look philosophy, we tried to create one of the most minimalistic seatpost clamps.
Internal routing
All the cables come in here and disappear...forever! There are cable channels In-side the frame that allow you to lay cables without additional noise-damping mats.
Frame specification
Frame

⁃ Material: three different types of carbon fiber. 

 

⁃ Seatpost: 27,2 mm 

 

⁃ Full internal cable routing: Mechanical, Sram eTap, Shimano Di2 only 2nd generation SD300 

 

⁃ If you consider mounting a Shimano Di2 front derailleur, please let us know in advance and we will make the necessary hole on the frame for cable wiring.

 

⁃ Weight ( without painting, without headset and seatpost clamp ):
510 mm – 910 g
530 mm – 935 g
550 mm – 1015 g
570 mm – 998 g
590 mm – 1030 g

Fork

⁃ Material: three different types of carbon fiber. 

 

⁃ Full internal cable routing. 

 

⁃ Tapered Steerer: 1-1/8″ — 1-1/4”. 

 

⁃ Bearing FSA TH-970E ACB 45°x45° MR168. 

 

⁃ Weight: 480 g ( including headset compressor, without painting ).

Tire clearance

⁃ 700C up to 50 mm. 

 

⁃ 650B up to 2,5”. 

 

Always check and make sure you have 5 mm clearance between the tire and frame.

Ring sizes

⁃ 1x: max 46t, min 35t. 

 

⁃ 2x: max 53t (outer ring), min 35t (inner ring).

 

Install the crankset with a minimum clearance of 3,5mm between the ring and frame.

Mounting option

⁃ Five bosses underneath the bottom bracket to the bottle cage or tool box. Two bottle cages on the seat tube and down tube.

 

⁃ As an option, you can add bosses to the fork and to the top tube.

Thru-axle

⁃ Rear: X-12 142х12, Al 7075-T6. 

 

⁃ Front: X-12 100х12, Al 7075-T6.

Disc brakes

⁃ Rear: FM, rotor size 140 mm or 160 mm. 

 

⁃ Front: FM, rotor size 140 mm or 160 mm.

Bottom Bracket

⁃ T47, goodbye Press fit! Bottom bracket width 86 mm.

Syre Punkcake
Order your
BIKES
INNOVATION
CONTACT US
Copyright Carbon Cake 2021 All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | Accessibility
TERMS & CONDITIONS
LEGAL ENTITY DATA