BIKES
 
INNOVATION
 
CONTACT US
Order now
Terms & Conditions
General terms
Terms of purchase
Warranty and Returns
Privacy Policy
Cookie policy

General information
Carbon Cake LLC is a company duly formed in the territory of the Russian Federation and legally carrying out its activities in accordance with the legislation of the Russian Federation, hereinafter referred to as SYRE, is a manufacturer and developer of carbon bicycles, components and related equipment.

The general terms and conditions contained in this section are intended to regulate our interaction with you (our customers) on ridesyre.com and apply to future deals with SYRE as well as to visiting ridesyre.com. The rights to change the terms and information posted are reserved to SYRE.

Agreement
All offers made by SYRE are obligation-free. The agreement will take effect as soon as SYRE confirms the order you have posted on the SYRE website.

The agreement between you and SYRE includes these general terms and conditions published by SYRE on its website ridesyre.com and any further arrangements confirmed by the parties by electronic correspondence, e-mails.

If you do not provide all the necessary data upon SYRE’s request, SYRE has the right to accept or reject your order at its sole discretion.

Force majeure
The agreement between SYRE and you is not permanent and may be terminated by either party. Force majeure can take the form of civil wars, government regulations, industrial unrest and power failures, as well as other factors and natural disasters that are beyond SYRE’s control. In the event of such force majeure circumstances, SYRE obligations are deferred for the duration of such circumstances, however, we will try our best to fulfill our obligations as fast as possible.

Prevailing law
SYRE operates within the framework of Russian legislation. Therefore, the customer shall accept to involve Russian courts for making a decision during any conflict. Perhaps there is a discrepancy in laws between your country and the Russian Federation that may require you to understand Russian law.

Disclaimers
SYRE cannot guarantee that the color you see on the site accurately reflects the true color of the product. This is because each monitor or smartphone has a different ability to display colors and everyone sees those colors differently.
SYRE may change the specifications of parts or the manufacturer’s brand.

If your order will contain an error such as the value of the product or its quantity, don’t worry, please email us at order@ridesyre.com so we can eliminate all errors in your order.

Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
SYRE bicycles can be dangerous in use so please note the following:
– All riders must be able to ride well within their capacities, without ever going beyond them.
– SYRE bikes are recommended for people aged 18 years and older and weighing up to 100 kg.
– Always wear a certified helmet.
– Never carry passengers.
– Never do stunt riding.
– Never combine riding with alcohol or drugs. It’s illegal and dangerous.
– Avoid excessive speed and be especially careful in difficult terrain.
– Don’t modify your bike. All modifications and installations are at your own risk.
– By purchasing and/or riding SYRE bikes, you assume full responsibility for any use and/or misuse of the product and agree that SYRE (Carbon Cake LLC) shall not be liable for any consequences, legal or otherwise, of such use and/or misuse.

Finally, carefully study the user manual, follow all the instructions contained in it and enjoy your bike!

BIKES
INNOVATION
CONTACT US
Copyright Carbon Cake 2021 All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | Accessibility
TERMS & CONDITIONS
LEGAL ENTITY DATA